## MAILING LIST abp.pt
---
abguarda@iol.pt
adcmoreira11@gmail.com
Adelino_luis@hotmail.com
adrisilvino@gmail.com
ajmsena@gmail.com
alberto.couto@live.com.pt
albino.artur.mota@hotmail.com
alvimbraga@netcabo.pt
ama_gal@hotmail.com
amiguelqueiroz@sapo.pt
Ana_l.10@hotmail.com
ana_lucia_santos@msn.com
ana_margharida@hotmail.com
anacataneves@hotmail.com
anacristinaleite12@gmail.com
anaguedessilva@gmail.com
anamarianunesferreira@hotmail.com
andrebasket5@hotmail.com
andredara@hotmail.com
andrefblopes@gmail.com
andrelsilva@eu.ipp.pt
andrepachec@gmail.com
Andresmarques7@gmail.com
Andresoares3@hotmail.com
apscoachbask@gmail.com
areatecnica@abp.pt
armandocostaandrade@gmail.com
armandogcorreia@hotmail.com
arnaldorlcampos@gmail.com
arturjbdomingos@gmail.com
asantos.bc@gmail.com
atletismos@me.com
backspace_tapf@hotmail.com
barbosa72@gmail.com
basket.antonio@gmail.com
basket.francisca@gmail.com
basketcdp12@gmail.com
betomaozinhasbk@portugalmail.pt
borgesnuno@hotmail.com
Bruno.b.novais@gmail.com
brunofdf.ferreira@gmail.com
brunonacarato@gmail.com
brunosantos127@hotmail.com
bskcoach@gmail.com
caf.air@gmail.com
caixadoto@gmail.com
carlabento10@hotmail.com
carlos.cantara@groupfix.pt
carlos.hafe@millenniumbcp.pt
carlos.vaqueiro@fcporto.pt
carlos_cerqueira@hotmail.com
carlosbarroca61@gmail.com
carlosfrsilva@gmail.com
carlosmvaqueiro@hotmail.com
catarina.frp@gmail.com
catarinagalh@hotmail.com
catarinaribeiro87@hotmail.com
catiamota@fpb.pt
cdjr_nani11@hotmail.com
cdomingues7@hotmail.com
cdpsub16@gmail.com
cecorreia@yahoo.com
celsone@gmail.com
cesar@net.sapo.pt
chrisita.silva@gmail.com
club5basket.coord.desportiva@gmail.com
coach.lajas@gmail.com
coachcabral@gmail.com
coachruisilva@hotmail.com
cosmeedgar@gmail.com
d.reis@iol.pt
daniel.rochacbf@hotmail.com
danielafcgomes@gmail.com
dannygomes@iol.pt daqv.vinha@cm-maia.pt
david.jtr@hotmail.com
dddaaannniiieeelll@hotmail.com
deptecnico@fpb.pt
dimas.pinto@gmail.com
diogo_x_mendes@hotmail.com
diogoandrespinto@gmail.com
diogocardoso12@hotmail.com
diogomesilva@hotmail.com
diogorperdigao@hotmail.com
dmarinho@bolacesto.pt
dpintobranco@gmail.com
dtr.ableiria@gmail.com
dtr@abbraga.org
dtralentejo@gmail.com
dtrbraganca@gmail.com
dtrcoimbra@gmail.com
duartenmoliveira@gmail.com
esantossilva13@gmail.com
eugeniodear@gmail.com
evbrandao19@gmail.com
fagundesrui@sapo.pt
Fcp_4_bask@hotmail.com
fernandogoncalves9@hotmail.com
fernandovieirasa@gmail.com
ferrazj@sapo.pt
ferreiraf86@gmail.com
filipaflori@gmail.com
filipemoreiras_@hotmail.com
fmdinis@netcabo.pt
fonsecatito@gmail.com
fribeiromiranda@sapo.pt
garrido634@hotmail.com
gfsjorge@gmail.com
goncalo.silva@maiabasket.net
goncalo_cdp@hotmail.com
goncalvesagencias@clix.pt
grsilva@sapo.pt
gualtercoutinho@sapo.pt
guerreiroend@hotmail.com
Gustavovalgode@hotmail.com
helder_oliveira15@hotmail.com
helvangeslista@hotmail.com
hhugogranja@gmail.com
hjamatos@iol.pt
hjcosta2@gmail.com
hlinhares@gmail.com
hm.castelo@gmail.com
hugo.matos.pvz@gmail.com
hugojrp@hotmail.com
hugomlsousa@gmail.com
ines_sevilha_12@hotmail.com
Inesiliva10@gmail.com
ingleza_18@hotmail.com
ivkost@gmail.com
ivorego@portugalmail.com
jagamorim@gmail.com
jair_levy@hotmail.com
jalmesquita@hotmail.com
janogal@netcabo.pt
java_berna@hotmail.com
jborges07@hotmail.com
jcastro@sc.ipp.pt
jccardoso@iol.pt
jccosteira@gmail.com
jefd@vodafone.pt
jfernando.santos@gmail.com
jjgp@sapo.pt
jmfa23@gmail.com
jnevesrodrigues@gmail.com
joakimbento@gmail.com
joao_ndcvp7@hotmail.com
joao_ssilvs_14@hotmail.com
joaorodrigues12@gmail.com
joaosilva.bq@gmail.com
joniragazzo@hotmail.com
jorge.cavalheiro@tranquilidade.pt
jorgefernandes@fpb.pt
jorgegama10@hotmail.com
jorgempcorreia@sapo.pt
joseccarvalho@netcabo.pt
joseluisgoncalves@pt.ibm.com
joseperearaujo@gmail.com
josepintopedrosa@sapo.pt
josmonteiro@gmail.com
jotinhas@hotmail.com
jpcasais@gmail.com
jpchaves12@gmail.com
jpmacedo@hotmail.com
jriver71@gmail.com
jsalgueiro26@gmail.com
Juvemaiasub16@gmail.com
kika_14_afc@hotmail.com
leandrocferreira@hotmail.com
lfg-10178P@adv.oa.pt
lgmag@sapo.pt
Liabahut@hotmail.com
lp.vieira@sapo.pt
lstmarques@gmail.com
lu7s_leal@hotmail.com
lucianocacador@yahoo.com
lufigope@sapo.pt
luisadrianonogueirasantos@gmail.com
luismvr@hotmail.com
luissaldanha@abmadeira.com
luna15@iol.pt
lurdesmiranda11@gmail.com
macedo.jp@gmail.com
magano_88@yahoo.com
manuel66romao@gmail.com
marcelinocouto@gmail.com
marco.pc.rodrigues@gmail.com
margaridapaiva_14@hotmail.com
mariana.f_pip@hotmail.com
mariana.kostourkova@gmail.com
mariobarros@portugalmail.pt
mariobatista.cnmb@fpb.pt
mariogomes@fpb.pt
mariopalm1@gmail.com
marta_fcdef@hotmail.com meireles.pedro@gmail.com
mfsports.miguel@gmail.com mibertani@ibest.com.br
Migas_almeida16@hotmaol.com miguel.p.costa@gmail.com
Mikas.p.5@hotmail.com mini.cnmb@fpb.pt mirandinha@netcabo.pt
monchols@yahoo.es monicagssousa@gmail.com mutchangasaraiva@gmail.com
nancibairos@hotmail.com NBASHOW@hotmail.com nelsoncunha9@msn.com
netapaulo@gmail.com ns_sjm79@iol.pt nuno.teixeira23@hotmail.com
nuno_fg_freitas@hotmail.com nunoazevedosilva@gmail.com nunomanaia@fpb.pt
nunoperdigaobasketball@hotmail.com olijaago@gmail.com
oliveics@hotmail.com p15pacheco@hotmail.com
patriciacorreia.1421@gmail.com patrokinhas@hotmail.com
Paulo_morgado09@hotmail.com paulobarbosa2@gmail.com
paulofidalgo@merida-imobiliaria.com pauloramospt@gmail.com
pauloroch.14@gmail.com pauloruiferreira@hotmail.com
paulossnunes@portugalmail.pt pavmaio@gmail.com paze11@sapo.pt
pedmaf@gmail.com pedro.meireles@clip.pt pedro__soares_@hotmail.com
pedrobenjamim@yahoo.com pedrocura@gmail.com pedrofontess@hotmail.com
pedromiguelgoncalves@gmail.com pedromvp10@hotmail.com
pedronuno.dias.76@gmail.com pedroregado@gmail.com
pedrosalazar22@hotmail.com pedrosalvadorinho@iol.pt
pedrosantos@net.sapo.pt pedrosantosesic@gmail.com
pedroxambresteixeira@hotmail.com pinto.agostinho@gmail.com
pipo.silva17@gmail.com pmfrsl@gmail.com quimauro14@hotmail.com
rassalves@gmail.com rdiniz65@gmail.com rdmoreira@live.com.pt
regimota7@gmail.com Reis.antoniofernandes@iol.pt
renatomartinsmendes@gmail.com ricardo92ribeiro@gmail.com
rita.mgs89@gmail.com rita.moreira09@hotmail.com robbenandre@hotmail.com
robertobreak@hotmail.com robertorico@sapo.pt rppfbaptista@gmail.com
rui.barbedo@gmail.com rui.guedes.paiva@gmail.com
rui__sousa__costa@hotmail.com ruimvpdias@gmail.com
ruiramos78@hotmail.com ruis.5@hotmail.com ruisous@gmail.com
salgado-10@hotmail.com sandra.scrb@gmail.com sandramag1@gmail.com
sandro12oliveira@gmail.com santoraul@gmail.com sara.brochado@gmail.com
sara.mariz@hotmail.com saraivax@hotmail.com
sergio.filipe.rodrigues@gmail.com sergio_pinto4@hotmail.com
sergiomarante@gmail.com sergiomesquitaleite@hotmail.com
sergiorosmaninho.cnmb@fpb.pt sevenplayer7@hotmail.com
simoesorlando@hotmail.com snuno@hotmail.com Soares.pedro.r@gmail.com
SOLRACDIAS@SAPO.PT susanaieloureiro@hotmail.com
tapanipiapa_9@hotmail.com tavaresilva@gmail.com
Teixeira.andreg@gmail.com tiagocamara@live.com.pt tiagohssilva@gmail.com
tixa123@hotmail.com tling@sapo.pt tomasmcl74@gmail.com
tonicastro@sapo.pt Tonimonteiro1976@hotmail.com tonypedro70@gmail.com
toquerido@gmail.com trina.l@hotmail.com ulissesvasconcelos@hotmail.com
valentyn0491@mail.ru vascof92@gmail.com vasconcelosricardo@hotmail.com
vm.headcoach@gmail.com X12@sapo.pt xania10@hotmail.com
xicosimoes@gmail.com yuran_9@hotmail.com zetopin@hotmail.com
2018-05-04 14:13:30 1fEaWf-000Wr8-P1 <= areatecnica@abp.pt
H=bl21-113-11.dsl.telepac.pt (DESKTOPIEJU4KP) [2.82.113.11]:54936
P=esmtpa A=dovecot_login:areatecnica@abp.pt S=26948
id=006a01d3e3a9$b2f1de10$18d59a30$@abp.pt T="Question\341rio - Regra da
reposi\347\343o da bola na zona de defesa - Treinadores de clubes" for
acrvigorosa@outloook.pt alberto.laranjeira@cm-viladoconde.pt
alcino@cm-maia.pt anacristinaleite12@gmail.com
andrelsilva.academicofc@gmail.com areatecnica@abp.pt
asantos.bc@gmail.com augusto.fernando@sapo.pt barbosa72@gmail.com
barros.antoniojose@gmail.com basket.antonio@gmail.com
basket@sccoimbroes.net basquetebol.afc@sapo.pt basquetebol@cpnatacao.pt
basquetebol@fcgaia.pt basquetedeleca@gmail.com
caasalesianos.porto@gmail.com Camelo.camelo@gmail.com
campo@jf-campoesobrado.pt cbpenafiel@gmail.com cdjregio@gmail.com
chrisita.silva@gmail.com clipteamsbasquetebol@gmail.com
club5basket.coord.desportiva@gmail.com club5basket@gmail.com
conceicaorussa@hotmail.com daqv.vinha@cm-maia.pt desportivo@abp.pt
desporto@cdpovoa.pt edgardinisg@gmail.com eduardo.almeida@e-copia.pt
email@bolacesto.pt estela.eduarda@gmail.com farpaula@gmail.com
franklinribeiro5@hotmail.com gabriel.ovar@gmail.com
gcra.basquete@gmail.com geral@academicofc.pt geral@cdpovoa.pt
geral@fidesov.org geral@juventudepacense.pt geral@maiabasket.net
geral@scvascodagama.com geral@valeovil.pt geralbcg@gmail.com
geralpowertogether@gmail.com geralvigorosa@gmail.com
goncalo.silva@maiabasket.net gondobasket@gmail.com
guifoes.s.clube@netcabo.pt helder_oliveira15@hotmail.com
hlinhares@gmail.com inesmaia_9@hotmail.com isabel.lemos@fcporto.pt
jborges07@hotmail.com jborgesm07@gmail.com jcja06@hotmail.com
jcmagalhaes.jc@hotmail.com jorgepaulo.gon@gmail.com
joseluisgoncalves@pt.ibm.com joseoliveira_55@hotmail.com
juliolimamendes@hotmail.com Juvemaia@sapo.pt lacbaskdir@hotmail.com
lcacador@portugalmail.pt lgmag@sapo.pt liliana.silva@clip.pt
luisgonc01@gmail.com magano8@gmail.com mariaffmaia57@gmail.com
mariobarros@portugalmail.pt meireles.pedro@gmail.com
minibasqueteguifoes.sport.clube@hotmail.com natacao@todaaprova.pt
ncrvbasquetebol@gmail.com oliveiraquimicos@live.com.pt
paroquial.basquetebol@gmail.com patriciacorreia.1421@gmail.com
pauloqcruz@sapo.pt pauloruiferreira@hotmail.com pedro.meireles@clip.pt
pedrosantosesic@gmail.com pinto.agostinho@gmail.com
presidente.gsc@gmail.com presidente@abp.pt renato.j.horta@telecom.pt
renato21castelo@gmail.com ruimvpdias@gmail.com sara.brochado@gmail.com
secretaria.coimbroes@sccbasket.pt secretaria.desportiva@fcporto.pt
secretaria@abp.pt secretaria@acalfenense.pt secretaria@cdpovoa.pt
sergio.filipe.rodrigues@gmail.com sonia.costa@fcporto.pt
tiago.faria13@hotmail.com uaaaroso@gmail.com xicosimoes@gmail.com
